---
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: "The Privacy Policy for TheVECentre"
---

**Privacy Policy**

Effective date: December 1 2020

The VECentre ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://thevecentre.com website (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information following this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://thevecentre.com/terms-and-conditions.

**Definitions**

**Personal Data**

Personal Data is data concerning a living individual who we can identify from the provided data. Or, from other information, either in our possession or likely to come into our possession.

**Usage Data**

Usage Data is data gathered automatically. Usage Data is generated by the use of the Service, or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Cookies**

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User's device.

**Data Controller**

Data Controller determines a person who (either alone, jointly or in common with other persons) defines the purposes for which and how any personal data are or are to be processed.

For this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

**Data Processor (or Service Providers)**

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers to process your data more effectively.

**Data Subject**

Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

**User**

The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

**Information Collection And Use**

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

**Types of Data Collected**

**Personal Data**

We may ask you to provide us with specific identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). This personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address

- First name and last name

- Phone number

- Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City

- Cookies and Usage Data

We may use this to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You can opt-out of receiving any, or all, of this information from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

**Usage Data**

We may also collect information about how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). Usage Data may include information such as:

- Your computers Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)

- Browser type.

- Browser version.

- The pages of our Service that you visit.

- The time and date of your visit.

- The time spent on those pages.

- Unique device identifiers. 

- Any other diagnostic data.

**Tracking Cookies Data**

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amounts of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts. These collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is sent. However, refusing cookies may prevent you from accessing some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

- Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

- Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

- Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

**Use of Data**

The VECentre uses the collected data for various purposes:

- To provide and maintain our Service.

- To notify you about changes to our Service.

- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so.

- To provide customer support.

- To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service.

- To monitor the usage of our Service.

- To detect, prevent and address technical issues.

- To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about (unless you have opted not to receive such information).

**Retention of Data**

The VECentre will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will hold and use your Personal Data to the extent required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The VECentre will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Generally, we maintain Usage Data for a shorter time, except when we use this data to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for more time.

**Transfer Of Data**

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to --- and maintained on --- computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy, followed by your submission of such information, represents your agreement to that transfer.

The VECentre will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and per this Privacy Policy. No transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.

**Disclosure Of Data**

**Disclosure for Law Enforcement**

Under certain circumstances, The VECentre may have to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law, or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

**Legal Requirements**

The VECentre may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation.

- Protect and defend the rights or property of The VECentre.

- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service.

- Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public.

- Protect against legal liability.

**Security Of Data**

The security of your data is important to us, but we recognise that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Whilst we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee absolute security.

**Your Rights**

The VECentre aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.

If you wish to know what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want us to remove it from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the right:

- To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you.

- To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate.

- To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you.

You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to The VECentre. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.

Please note that we may ask you to authenticate your identity before responding to such requests.

**Service Providers**

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services, or to assist us in analysing how people use our Service.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

**Analytics**

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.

*Google Analytics*

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>.

**Links To Other Sites**

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, it will redirect you to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

**Children's Privacy**

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

**Changes To This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, before the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

We strongly advise you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are valid when we post them on this page.